All right guys so now we're going to deploy a Web site to a platform called Net lo fi which is just
a fantastic platform for hosting static web sites as well as front end applications using javascript
frameworks like react and view J.S. and that stuff you'll get into later if you're just getting into
web development.
But what's really cool about nullify is they give you a lot for free.
So work we can deploy for free we can host our Web site they even give us an SSL for free we can add
our own domain name which we'll do later on and then there is also extra features such as contact form
submission.
So if we go down here you can see that we can simply add a net lo fi attribute to the form tag and we'll
be able to receive submissions in our Natalya RFID dashboard.
So if you recall when we deployed to a shared host in order to make the contact form work it was it
was quite a bit of work we had to implement a peach piece script to be able to mail it to our email
address which wasn't even the best way to do it.
So this gives you a very simple and secure way to add give functionality to your contact forms.
So what you need to do is first of all sign up for nullify it's absolutely free to sign up no credit
card or anything like that.
And then once you log in you'll see this new site from get a button and you can choose get hub get lab
bit bucket.
So get is a version control system and it's something that you're going to need to learn if you're going
to be a web developer.
It's something like 95 percent of dev companies use get and for this particular for what we're doing
now you're only going to need to use a couple of commands and I'm going to put a document in this section
with those commands.
I'm also going to put a link to a crash course that I have on YouTube.
Forget that you might be interested in but you will have to download it.
So you go to get dash ACM dot com.
Just go ahead and download it.
And if you're on Windows you'll get a tool called Get bash which is just a better command line or a
better terminal for windows than the standard ones.
So I would suggest using that.
And then also the last thing I want you to do is create a github account if you don't have one.
All right.
I'm actually logged in right now and get hub is just a place to store your repositories So you store
your code here and all we have to do.
As I showed you from nullify is bring over a get Hub Repository and we can actually host our Web site
it believing it'll give us a really weird domain name but we can we can add our own custom domain name
which we're going to do as well.
All right.
So just do those three things sign up for nullify sign create an account at GitHub dot com and download
get to your local to your machine.
All right.
So once you do those things we're ready to move on to the next video where will initialize a gate repository.
And we'll push it to get hub.